## Main topics

1. What is software engineering and why is it important?

* They interview professors and industry leaders who answer these two questions.
Even though their answers are diverse, they all revolve around the fact that 
SE is a complex process that is done in phases. It becomes very important when building larger and complex projects that necessitate the work of an entire team.

2. Brief history of SE

* It came to exist out of necessity, as a response to the software crisis in the seventies. The demand of software grew exponentially, while the developers productivity lagged, could not follow the demand. In addition to introducing tools that increase the productivity (IDEs, Version control etc.), the process of software development had to be improved, and that is why SE came to exist.

3. Software Development Processes
* Waterfall process
* Evolutionary Prototyping
* Unified Software Process
* Agile

* Processes are the systematic and (semi)formal way of building software. There are 5 main phases: 
    1. Requirements engineering 
    2. Design
    3. Implementation
    4. Verification and Validation
    5. Maintainance 

## How does this relate to our project

* It was interesting to have an overview of the entire Software Engineering Discipline. I think the only thing that is applicable for our project are the phases. Our project is small and does not involve customers, we primarily build it as a learning experience, so being too formal in our approach might be an overkill. 
