## Main topics

This section is about version control. It focuses on Git and GitHub.

I liked the beginning interview with a John Britton, he succintly explains what version control, Git and GitHub is.

* Version Control is a tool used in software development that allows creating snapshots of the project over time. It is useful because you can revert to an earlier version, so it makes it safe to make changes in the code. Another big benefit is that allows team collaboration, so more than one person can work on the same codebase without inadvertantly overriding other's work.

* Git is a distributed verson control system (there is no one central repository) and it is open source.

* GitHub is a code host, people can host their repositories, share code and collaborate with each other through it.

I don't think they do a good job explaining version control. I have no idea what they mean by "enforses discipline by passing control from one person to another". 

**The biggest issue is when he tries to explain the workflow.** He says add is for adding files to the repository, which is absolutely wrong, and it is a common misconception. Add actually adds pre-existing documents that have changes to the staging area. Commit creates a snapshot of the files that are in the staging area. Commit command does not push the files to the remote repo. It is unfortunate they use the word update instead of pull when they talk about incorporating the changes from the remote into one's local repo.

Note: After watching the video on Git Workflow, I suspect he was previously talking about a centralized version control system workflow. Nonetheless, I find this to be confusing and poorly explained.

## Git Workflow

**HEAD is not the local repository** Head is a pointer to the parent of the next commit. 