## Requirements engineering 

1. What are requirements?

* A description of what a system has to do, the features of a program, represented more (state diagrams) or less(user stories) formally.<br/>
*RE is establishing the services that are required by the customer from the software system.*

I found the explanation why it is called "requirements engineering" interesting - it is because it is a complex activity that involves a number of activities (elicitation, analysis, specification, validation, management) and it actually spans throughout the entire software development life cycle. 

The final result of the RE process is the **Software Requirements specification** - what should the system do, **NOT** how. (The how is detailed in the design stage) 

* Software intensive systems = software + hardware + context

So, sofware runs on hardware and it is build for a purpose. The quality of the entire system is  a function of how good the sofware is(fast, bug free, provides good user experience) and how well it serves its purpose. 

**Identifying the purpose is at the core of the requirements engineering.**

Common problems with requirements:

* Completeness - important functionality is missing
* Pertinence - the system is bloated with irrelevant features

## Requirements Classification

**Functional & Non-functional requirements** 

* Functional - the functionality of the system. Well defined satisfaction criteria
* Non-functional - quality aspects of the system: security, cost, speed, usability..More difficult to quantify and measure

**User vs System requirements

* User - for the users, non technical 
* System - for the developers, technical, contains detailed functional and non-functional reqs.

## RE Process 

1. Elicitation - (has many problems and challenges. I admire people who do this and find it satisfying.)
2. Negotiation
3. Modeling (Many ways based on: What you want to model? How you want to model?)
4. Analysis (Verification, Validation, Risk Analysis)

### Software Requirements Specification (SRS Document)

This is relevant for our project. Our specification document should be informal, and capture the requirements in user stories. It would be nice to think about the necessary, nice to have and unnecessary features of the app.







