## Software Verification - General Concepts

1. Testing (dynamic verification)
    * +: no false positives
    * -: highly incomplete, cannot cover all cases
2. Static verification
    * +: considers all program behaviors 
    * -: includes false positives 
3. Inspections(code reviews, human intensive)
    * +: systematic, thorough
    * -: informal, subjective
4. Formal proofs of correctness
    * +: strong guarantees,
    * -: they need formal, complete mathematical specification, very complex

Today, QA is mostly testing - executing a program on a (tiny) *sample* of the input domain

1. it is dynamic - the program has to be executed 
2. it is optimistic approximation - we assume the behavior will hold for other inputs that are not explicitly tested.

**Succeeding tests do not prove absence of errors, they only reveal their presence.**

### Testing granularity levels

* Unit testing - individual components
* Integration testing - testing the interaction between components
* System testing
    * Functional
    * Non-Functional - performance, robustness etc.

* Acceptance testing - did we built what the customer wanted
* Regression testing - when we change the system. It is one of the biggest reasons why maintainance is so expensive. Should be automated as much as possible.

All the previous tests are done by the developers. Besides these, there is testing done by users: **alpha testing** (within the organization), and **beta testing** (outside the organization).
 
### Black-box vs White-box testing

1. Black-box testing:
    * based on the specification
    * tests the behavior without looking at the code
    * cannot reveal errors due to implementation details

2. White-box testing
    * based on the code
    * cannot reveal missing path errors

They are complementary and it is best to be used together, not choose one over the other.