Software development phases:

    1. Requirements Engeneering
            a) Elicitation
            b) Analysys
            c) Specification <- I'd say our main focus for the quiz project
            d) Validation
            e) Management

    2. Design
            a) Architectual design
            b) Abstract spec
            c) UI design
            d) Component design
            e) Data structure
            f) Algorithm design
            Each of these stages of design phase should result in relevant 
            specification.

    3. Implementation
            a) Simple
            b) Adaptable / Expandable
            c) Testable
            d) Standard compliant

    4. Verification & Validation
            a) Did we build the right thing
            b) Did we build the thing in a correct way

    5. Maintenance
            a) Corrective
            b) Perfective
            c) Adaptive

    
Software process models:

    1. Waterfall model
        Simple, good for small apps I suppose, that's what I would 
        instinctively go for

    2. Spiral model
        Sounds like overcomplicating things in our case. Quiz App is not 
        a huge project, we should be able to plan it upfront.
        And there is no risk involved in it really...

    3. Evolutionary model
        Crap. Sounds like constant refactoring to me.

    4. RUP 
        I'm not sure what to think about this one. Sounds like slightly 
        modified Waterfall...? 

    5. Agile
        a) TDD - ekhm, sounds like even more refactoring then Evolutionary
                 model. I'm not sure what all the hype is about...

    

Classic mistakes:
    For us, looks like the product category is the most important.
    Others do not really apply. Gold plating and feature creep sound
    like something that might happen to us, so we should take extra 
    care to avoid these.

    Also, technology mistakes might apply, but we want to learn new 
    tech, so we really don't care much about that kind of issues.