##Requirements Engineering

- A description of what our system/program has to do.
  A process of establishing what our audience wants or needs.

- Description can have a formal (shall statements, diagrams, formal spec) or 
  informal (user stories, use cases) character.

- First, we need to elicit the requirements. The way I see it, it means that
  you have your customers/stakeholders and you have to actively force them
  to tell you what is their idea of the system. If you don't do that, you
  might be unpleasantly surprised by statements like "DOH, I was sure it's
  obvious, that it shouldn't include empty records in the sort results!"...

- Then - analyze what you have. See what is possible, what isn't, which 
  requirements are mutually exclusive etc.

- Validation. Overview of the requirements to decide if we have described
  the thing that our customer actually wants.

- Management. Manage changes...

- The whole process should result in Software Requirements Specification

- Avoid discussing implementation

- Software intensive system = software + hardware + context
  It seems to me that context in this case is all the environment.
  So other systems that our software interacts with, for example.
  Those 'other systems' do not have to be software systems. In the ATM 
  example, the banking system (which is basically a legal construct),
  introduces a set of requirements that our ATM software must meet.

- Identifying purpose of the system = defining requirements

- Problem of completeness and pertinence. Does not seem to be too much to
  worry about for us, as our app has a rather well defined and quite simple
  purpose. 

- I do believe there is a correlation between introducing redundant features and
  general amount of bugs in the software.

- I'm starting to believe that this stage is mostly about squeezing the real 
  purpose of the software from the customers/stakeholders

- It seems that requirements spec should describe how the user should interact
  with our system and what should be an effect of that interaction

- Functional requirements -> describe how the system behaves

- Non-functional req. -> more like qualities of the system, a set of 
  postulative statements about the system

- User requirements vs system requirements -> separate sets of requirements
  for users and devs. Dev's version should be an extended user's version,
  with more technical details etc.

- I really don't understand how documentation can be a source of requirements.

- Phases of RE:
    1. Elicitation - sounds like something I would like to never touch. 
    2. Modeling - I would go with modeling enterprises (goal modeling).
       Sounds to me that this way of modeling requirements is easily 
       applicable to our project
    3. Analyzing requirements - verification and validation
       As I understand it, that's the phase after we have at least about
       first version of the requirements specification
    4. Negotiation doesn't seem to apply to our project

- I like your thoughts on SRS



