## Testing

### Terms
* failure - observable incorrect behaviour
* fault - bug, incorrect code
* error - cause of a failure

### Sortware verification

1. Testing (dynamic verification) - exercising the system to check if 
   everything works as intended. Makes use to test cases. Highly incomplete.
   You simply execute program with some possible inputs. Also, the test do
   not prove lack of bugs really. The just show that there are no bugs in those
   test cases.
   - Unit testing - testing individual component
   - Integration testing - testing of the interactions between components


2. Static verification - Well, basically testing, but trying out all possible
   inputs and outputs and everything. Complete, but can produce a lot of false
   positives.

3. Inspections - code reviews! Depends on people performing the review really.

4. Formal proofs of correctness - not all that great deal, noobs like us 
   aren't qualified enough to do something like that properly.

### Testing granularity levels
1. Unit testing - testing single components
2. Integration testing - testing interactions between components or users
3. System testing - test'em all. ALL! ALLLL!!!!!!1111. Functional ("does it 
   return the correct output") and non-functional testing (performance, 
   user - friendliness)
4. Acceptance testing - validation if the system meets the customer's 
   expectations
5. Regression testing - basically tests after changes (concept of regression
   error - errors caused in the unchanged parts of the software)

- There are also alpha (internal) and beta tests(users).

### Black&White
1. Black-box testing - Testing based on the specification. It doesn't reveal
   some of the implementation errors and such.

2. White-box testing - Based on the code that was already written. 


- So if I understand correctly, with black-box you don't inspect the code.
  Just use the program. Unlike white box.

