## Black-box testing

- Advantages:
    1. Focuses on the input domain
    2. You don't need the code.
    3. Can catch logic defects.
    4. Applicable everywhere!

- BBT starts by creating some test cases from our functional spec. 
  In order to do that, we need to: 
  1. Identify independently testable features
  2. Identify relevant inputs
  3. Create test case spec based on points 1. and 2.
  4. Proceed to creating all the test cases (instantiating test spec)

- Partition testing sounds interesting. Basically the idea is to divide
  the whole input domain (I'm still unsure about this phrase, does it simply
  mean all possible inputs?) into categories (partitions). If we do that 
  correctly, we should be able to observe that there are partitions with
  rather high bug density, and some other partitions are pretty much bug-free.
  So in theory, by dividing inputs into partition and testing each partition 
  separately, we should greatly increase our chances of finding bugs.
  Also, fixing them should be easier, because (in theory) bugs in the same 
  partition should have the same/quite similar roots.

- Errors tend to occur on the boundaries of domains. Therefore it's most 
  important to test boundary values

- Category Partition Method - a bit more elaborated partition testing technique
  By taking into consideration possible constraints in choice combinations and 
  by adding an additional layer of partitioning we can greatly reduce the 
  amount of meaningless test cases.

- Model Based Testing - testing by creating an abstract representation of the 
  software you are planning to build. Honestly this part sounds like a 
  gibberish ;/ IF I understand this one correctly it's about creating a model
  (graph, tree?) that represents all the possible states, and all possible
  options (inputs and outputs) within each state of your system. 
  Sounds like something you want to use to create test cases for a more complex
  structures, like the entire software component.

